# Music Learning through Online Lesson Platforms
## Assignment 1: Heuristic Evaluation
Alexandra Lansing | DH110 | Spring 2022

As our world becomes increasingly influenced by media and tech, much education has shifted online. The internet provides numerous resources for learning skills that would otherwise be taught in school or other educational institutions. As a pianist, I grew up learning music theory from a teacher at home. Our music lessons involved tangible, off-line materials including paperback theory books and piano keys. But with the growing popularity of educational websites, people can learn music theory with the click of a mouse. Further, music has become an art made not only through instruments, but digital tools. In this project, I plan to analyze the music theory learning site, [LightNote](https://www.lightnote.co/), and the digital music making site, [Learning Music](https://learningmusic.ableton.com/make-beats/make-beats.html), to see how modern websites educate users about music. I will explore the different aspects of each site that contribute to their overall user experience. I hope to learn what adds to the usability and educative qualities of both sites, and further, identify improvements that should be made to create a better user experience. These findings will help direct my own project of a music learning platform constructued via the user experience process. I will incorporate UX properties that I find valuable and effective in my research, and avoid usability errors identified in my analyses.
